X-Frame-Options ALLOW-FROM flag is deprecated from modern browsers (#8894)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/config-guide/secy/secy-xframe.md

*  `DENY`: Page cannot be displayed in a frame.
*  `SAMEORIGIN`: (The default Magento setting.) Page can be displayed only in a frame on the same origin as the page itself.

{:.bs-callout-warning}

> `ALLOW-FROM <uri>` option has been deprecated since the browsers supported by Magento has dropped the support of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ALLOW-FROM <uri>` option has been deprecated because Magento-supported browsers no longer support it. See [Browser compatibility](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Frame-Options#Browser_compatibility).
```

> [Browser Compatibility](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Frame-Options#Browser_compatibility) provides details about this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
